
--

01 CommandSort Refresher (0:15)

Instructions:

Starting from 01_commandSortUnsolved.js, create a Node-based command-line application that takes in a series of numbers from the user and returns the numbers sorted in ascending order. 

Note: Feel free to use Stack Overflow or Google to find the code for sorting integers numerically.

---


Geocode NPM (0:20)  

Instructions:

Create a Node application which makes use of the "geocoder" NPM package to obtain detailed geocoding information about a location.

Then console.log the geocoding information to display in your terminal.

You can choose to make one of two assumptions when completing this application.

Easier Option: The user will always provide a location in the following format: "City, State" (example: "Atlanta, GA", "Houston, TX").

Harder Option: The user can provide a location in any format. In fact, they can even provide a landmark instead of an address. ("151 Sip Ave, Jersey City NJ", "The Eiffel Tower", etc.)

Remember to log the output using JSON.stringify in a pretty-print format.

---

Study weatherDest.js (0:07)

Take a moment to run the weatherDest.js application. (Try to figure out what it takes to run on your own!)

Then, with a partner, spend a few moments answering the following questions:

What does the code do?

How does it work at a general level?

How does it work at a line level?

--

Everyone Do: NPM Install weatherdest (0:07)

Now slack out the following:

Instructions:

Navigate to the folder where your weatherDest.js file is.

Delete the node_modules folder. Then do the following:

Create a package.json file (i.e. run npm init)

Add your dependencies to the package.json (i.e. run npm install geocoder and npm install weather-js)

Confirm that you now have a node_modules folder with the geocoder and weather-js packages as a result

Finally, re-run your weatherDest.js to confirm that it still works as expected

Now delete your node_modules folder again but keep your packages.json file. This time...

Simply run npm install

Confirm that you once again have a node_modules folder with the geocoder and weather-js packages

Finally, re-run weatherDest.js to confirm that it still works as expected


---

NPM page for Inquirer.js

https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer.

---

Partners Do: Review Inquirer Intro	(0:05)
Slack out the following instructions:

Instructions:

Spend a few moments studying the code with the person next to you. Be sure each of you understand:

How to install and incorporate the inquirer package.

How to create the variety of prompts offered by the package.

The significance of the .then function and the variable created (in this case user).


---

18.	Students Do: Inquirer User Activity	(0:20)
Then slack out the next activity.

Files:

userPrompt.js (26-Inquirer_Users > UNSOLVED)
Instructions:

Create a basic command line Node application using the inquirer package.

Your application should ask the user any five questions of your choosing.

The question set should include at least one:

Basic input,
Password
List,
Checkbox,
Confirm
Then if a user's password matches a pre-defined password, re-display the data back to the user with some text.

HINT: See the inquirer GitHub documentation "examples" page if you need help.

Remember to get creative with your code!

---

Zombie Challenge (BONUS)	(1:00)
Use the following activity to fill up any remaining time you have in class (or to keep advanced students occupied if they finish the Inquirer activity early). This is a fairly challenging and time consuming activity, so let students know they may not finish in class, but a solution will be provided to them nonetheless afterwards.

File:

zombieGame.js (29-ZombieChallenge > UNSOLVED)

ZombieGame.mp4

Instructions:

Follow the instructions in the file sent to you to create a turn-based Zombie RPG game. You can also reference the video sent to you to have a clearer idea of what the final product should look like.
Note for Instructors / TAs: This is also a good time to help weaker students catch up in class if they are missing more critical concepts.